feat: added get methods to storeront openapi schema where supported (#11419)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2025-07-22-including-get-methods-to-storefront-api-schema-where-post-and-get-supported.md

---

> title: Including get methods to storefront api schema where post and get supported

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Include GET method to store API schema where POST and GET are supported
```

issue: https://github.com/shopware/shopware/issues/10897
---
# Core

> * Changed `Shopware\Core\Framework\Api\ApiDefinition\Generator\StoreApiGenerator` to automatically add `get` methods in the storefront api schema where `post` and `get` are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed `Shopware\Core\Framework\Api\ApiDefinition\Generator\StoreApiGenerator` to automatically add `GET` method in the store API schema where `POST` and `GET` are supported.
```
